use a cloudwatch:GetMetricData on mackerel-plugin-aws-ec2-ebs (#1471)
mackerelio/mackerel-agent-plugins: mackerel-plugin-aws-ec2-ebs/README.md

## Synopsis

```shell
mackerel-plugin-aws-ec2-ebs [-instance-id=<id>] [-region=<aws-region>] [-access-key-id=<id>] [-secret-access-key=<key>] [-tempfile=<tempfile>] [-use-get-metric-data]
```
* collect data from all volumes which attached to the instance
* if you run on an ec2-instance, you probably don't have to specify `-instance-id` & `-region`
* if you run on an ec2-instance and the instance is associated with an appropriate IAM Role, you probably don't have to specify `-access-key-id` & `-secret-access-key`
* you can set keys by environment variables: `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` (see https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go#configuring-credentials)

> * if you use `cloudwatch:GetMetricData` have to specify `-use-get-metric-data`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* if you want to use `cloudwatch:GetMetricData` instead of `cloudwatch:GetMetricStatistics`, specify `-use-get-metric-data`
```
